

"I think Felicity for me was all about numbers, permissions, endless paperwork and making a lot of new friends and of course days without sleep."
- G Drushti Apoorva
Finance Council 14-15 
Batch 2k12


"It's that time of the year when everything else takes a back seat and everyone comes together to make and enjoy the fest. Of course lot of new friends and memories are forged enroute the journey"
- Moneish Kumar
Team Culturals, Kalakshetra & Pulsation 2k16
Batch 2k13


"Felicity, a chance to have fun with friends preparing for the opening night, checking out different events and getting lots of food"
- Vanya Jauhal 
Team Culturals'15
Batch 2k12


"It was amazing fun to try and bring the student body together to push the boundaries of Felicity as we knew it at the time. Over nights spent toiling away and running around, we formed new bonds with the most unexpected and amazing people who shared in our vision for Felicity. The sense of the commitment at the time almost seems funny now; whether it was organising cult practice all night for months straight, figuring out threads to start new events with complete uncertainty, or simply moving your mattress to the FCs room and living there to increase efficiency while working. It was scary at the time to be sacrificing so much academically, but I think we did okay. We learnt a lot in the process and if any of us had to do it again, we definitely would."
Arnav Kumar Agrawal - Cult Coordinator'15
Saksham Singhal - Threads team'15
Nishant Agrawal - Titles do not matter 
Batch 2K12




"Felicity opens up a jar of nostalgia, taking me back to those endless nights, from the thrill of seeing Azeem Bannatwala live to watching some of the world’s best programmers heating it out on the leaderboard! These moments make all the hard work seem worth it! 🙂
Saksham Aggarwal, Team Threads’16



An international icon, this building can be uniquely identified by the three generator fans attached to it. A symbol of global economic connection, no other icon in Bahrain comes close to representing what Felicity is all about!
Here's to a smaller, more connected global world 
Aryan Sakaria



"I can't believe it has been 10 months since Felicity'17 ended.It feels like just yesterday I was talking to Rahul Subramanian about various aspects of life on our trip from Rajiv Gandhi International Airport Hyderabad. Felicity is one aspect of my life I will always rejoice.It's not just those three days,but the journey as the whole where you meet lot of new people,ink tons of memories,learn lot of things about yourself & the wonderful people around you. "
Team Plon 
- Shriyansh Agrawal ,Team Hospitality & PR, Nights'17
Batch 2k14




"Felicity, a new exciting part of college experience that I'm eager to be a part of this year."
Payal Khullar, PhD Student, LTRC 



"Felicity is about meeting new people, making friends, coming out of your comfort zone and surprising yourself 😊" 
- Rashika Kheria . Team Culturals'14 ,
Batch 2k11 
Vaidehi Chhajer, Samay Sharma, Abhayjeet Singh, Abhishekh Grover, Deepan Gupta 



"For me, Felicity brings back memories of the hours and hours of dance practice we had, hanging out with friends, teaching each other crazy steps and eating bondas at 4 every morning. Best time of the year!"

Regards,
Aditi Mavalankar ,Team Culturals'15
Batch 2k12